.github/agents/wandas-planner.agent.md, before:

---
name: wandas-planner
description: Read-only planner for Wandas; maps requirements to frames, processing, and IO modules.
argument-hint: Describe the feature/bug and paste any relevant issue links.
tools: ['readFile', 'fileSearch', 'search', 'fetch', 'testFailure']
---
# Planning protocol
- Work in **read-only** mode: do not edit files or run tests.
- Start from `.github/copilot-instructions.md` to understand project-wide rules.
- Identify which of `wandas/frames/`, `wandas/processing/`, `wandas/io/`, `wandas/visualization/` are impacted.
- Prefer reusing existing patterns in similar modules (e.g. `processing/filters.py`, `frames/channel.py`).

## Deliverables
- **Requirements**: short, numbered list summarizing what must change.
- **Impact analysis**: key files/modules to touch (with reasons).
- **Design notes**: how to preserve immutability, metadata, and Dask laziness.
- **Test plan**: which tests to add/update in `tests/` and expected behaviors.
- **Risks**: performance, API breakage, metadata/history edge cases.

Commit message:

docs: Add handoff instructions for implementation and review agents

.github/agents/wandas-planner.agent.md, after:

---
name: wandas-planner
description: Read-only planner for Wandas; maps requirements to frames, processing, and IO modules.
argument-hint: Describe the feature/bug and paste any relevant issue links.
tools: ['readFile', 'fileSearch', 'search', 'fetch', 'testFailure']
handoffs:
  - label: Start Implementation
    agent: wandas-implementer
    prompt: Use the requirements, impact analysis, and risks above to implement the change.
---
# Planning protocol
- Work in **read-only** mode: do not edit files or run tests.
- Start from `.github/copilot-instructions.md` to understand project-wide rules.
- Identify which of `wandas/frames/`, `wandas/processing/`, `wandas/io/`, `wandas/visualization/` are impacted.
- Prefer reusing existing patterns in similar modules (e.g. `processing/filters.py`, `frames/channel.py`).

## Deliverables
- **Requirements**: short, numbered list summarizing what must change.
- **Impact analysis**: key files/modules to touch (with reasons).
- **Design notes**: how to preserve immutability, metadata, and Dask laziness.
- **Test plan**: which tests to add/update in `tests/` and expected behaviors.
- **Risks**: performance, API breakage, metadata/history edge cases.
