.github/agents/wandas-publisher.agent.md, before:

---
name: wandas-publisher
description: Automate git operations: commit, branch, push, and PR creation.
argument-hint: Provide the review summary and confirmation to proceed with the PR.
tools: ['runInTerminal', 'readFile', 'runTasks/runTask']
handoffs:
  - label: Back to Planning
    agent: wandas-planner
    prompt: PR created. What is the next task?
---
# Publishing Protocol
- Ensure all tests passed and the reviewer has approved the changes.
- Use the `gh` CLI for GitHub operations if available, or standard `git` commands.

## Workflow
1. **Branching**:
   - Check the current branch.
   - If on `main`, create a new feature branch with a descriptive name (e.g., `feat/topic` or `fix/issue`).
2. **Committing**:
   - Stage relevant files (`git add`).
   - Create a conventional commit message (e.g., `feat: add new filter`, `fix: resolve metadata bug`).
3. **Pushing**:
   - Push the branch to the remote (`git push -u origin <branch>`).
4. **Pull Request**:
   - Create a PR using `gh pr create`.
   - Title: Use the commit message or a summary.
   - Body: Include the implementation summary and reviewer notes.
   - Reviewers: Assign if specified.

## Safety
- Do not force push to shared branches.
- Verify `uv run ruff check` and `uv run mypy` passed before committing.

Commit message:

docs: streamline copilot instructions and agent workflows
Refined agent configurations to align with latest VS Code Copilot best practices.

- Updated all agents to use markdown links for file references.
- Added 'send: false' to handoffs for better user control.
- Centralized error handling examples in copilot-instructions.md.
- Added 'agent-maintenance.prompt.md' to guide future agent updates.
- Added retrospective step to publisher workflow for continuous improvement.

.github/agents/wandas-publisher.agent.md, after:

---
name: wandas-publisher
description: Automate git operations: commit, branch, push, and PR creation.
argument-hint: Provide the review summary and confirmation to proceed with the PR.
tools: ['runInTerminal', 'readFile', 'runTasks/runTask']
handoffs:
  - label: Back to Planning
    agent: wandas-planner
    prompt: PR created. What is the next task?
    send: false
---
# Publishing Protocol
- Ensure all tests passed and the reviewer has approved the changes.
- Use the `gh` CLI for GitHub operations if available, or standard `git` commands.

## Workflow
1. **Branching**:
   - Check the current branch.
   - If on `main`, create a new feature branch with a descriptive name (e.g., `feat/topic` or `fix/issue`).
2. **Committing**:
   - Stage relevant files (`git add`).
   - Create a conventional commit message (e.g., `feat: add new filter`, `fix: resolve metadata bug`).
3. **Pushing**:
   - Push the branch to the remote (`git push -u origin <branch>`).
4. **Pull Request**:
   - Create a PR using `gh pr create`.
   - Title: Use the commit message or a summary.
   - Body: Include the implementation summary and reviewer notes.
   - Reviewers: Assign if specified.
   - **Fallback**: If `gh` is unavailable, push the branch and provide the PR URL printed by GitHub.
5. **Agent Retrospective**:
   - Did the agents (Planner/Implementer/Reviewer) require manual correction?
   - If yes, create a new issue or task to update the `.github/agents/` or `instructions/` files.
   - Refer to [agent-maintenance.prompt.md](../instructions/agent-maintenance.prompt.md) for policies on updating agents.

## Safety
- Do not force push to shared branches.
- Verify `uv run ruff check` and `uv run mypy` passed before committing.
